update documentation to add new can_upgrade permission (#653)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/reference/app-settings/user-permissions.md

| `can_aggregate_targets` | Allows access to Target Aggregates page |
| `can_bulk_delete_reports` | Allows users to select multiple reports and delete |
| `can_configure` | Allows update of configuration parameters |

> | `can_upgrade` | Allows upgrade of the CHT instance |

Reviewer: `upgrade` here could be mistaken for workflow upgrades, ie: configuration. How about we change it to...

```suggestion
| `can_upgrade` | Allows upgrades of the CHT Core Framework version via the API or admin interface |
```
